CONFIGURATION
-------------
 
 * Configure user permissions in Administration » People » Permissions:

   - Use the administration pages and help (System module)

     The top-level administration categories require this permission to be
     accessible. The administration menu will be empty unless this permission
     is granted.

   - Access administration menu

     Users in roles with the "Access administration menu" permission will see
     the administration menu at the top of each page.

   - Display Drupal links

     Users in roles with the "Display drupal links" permission will receive
     links to drupal.org issue queues for all enabled contributed modules. The
     issue queue links appear under the administration menu icon.

 * Customize the menu settings in Administration » Configuration and modules »
   Administration » Administration menu.

 * To prevent administrative menu items from appearing twice, you may hide the
   "Management" menu block.

   Installing
A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

Give the example
And repeat

until finished
End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

Running the tests
Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

Break down into end to end tests
Explain what these tests test and why

Give an example
And coding style tests
Explain what these tests test and why

Give an example
Deployment
Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

Built With
Dropwizard - The web framework used
Maven - Dependency Management
ROME - Used to generate RSS Feeds
Contributing
Please read CONTRIBUTING.md for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

Versioning
We use SemVer for versioning. For the versions available, see the tags on this repository.

Authors
Billie Thompson - Initial work - PurpleBooth
See also the list of contributors who participated in this project.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

Acknowledgments
Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
Inspiration
etc